hello what's going on guys
welcome back for another show today i'm
going to show you a horror film
the 28 weeks later in a world that
played with rage virus
dodge his wife and four more survivors
are hiding in a barricaded cottage
on the outskirts of london until someday
they're visited by an unexpected
terrified boy who keeps pounding at
their door for help
the boy is then allowed to get inside
but a few minutes later
they discover that the infected vampires
have followed the boy to hear
and launch attack at the cottage a girl
inside the house is bitten up
and gets infected dodge has to kill the
girl for their safety
the infected are alert to the violence
taking place inside though
and break into the cottage they chase
and kill most of the people inside
the survivors then have to run away for
life while dodge his wife and the boy
are chased upstairs
dodge pleads with alice to leave the boy
but she refuses
as vampires approach near dodge chooses
to abandon them
and escapes out of the window alone
while his wife is screaming behind by
the window
dodge keeps running all the way to a
river bank where he manages to get rid
of the incoming infected
and get away with a motorboat only
seeing that his wife is dragged out of
sight by the window
several days after the outbreak of rage
virus london becomes isolated as the
infected area
another few weeks later the virus
spreads the whole area
and the infected begin to die of
starvation nato forces take control of
britain
but the rebuild of ruined london has
never come to a start
in the 28th week soldiers are everywhere
on guard of the city
while some of its citizens who were out
of the country during the outbreak
are all returning home dodge's daughter
and son are among the arrivals
after the security and health check they
are accommodated in a safe district
where the daughter and son reunite with
their father who has been found by the
us
army and becomes the district's
caretaker right now
dodge brings them to their new flat and
lies about their mother's death
a researcher in the army raises her
concern on allowing the youngsters back
to britain too early
before people takes full control of the
virus but the supervisor ignores her
proposal
for his seemingly overconfidence in
mankind versus virus
that night while the soldiers are
patrolling the community for safe
the sun dreams about his mother's
getting infection so the next day the
daughter sneaks out of the safe zone
with the boy
and plans to return to their former home
for some family memories
they are spotted out by the soldier jack
who reports to the headquarter
immediately the two manages to reach
their old home
to their shock the son finds his mother
is still alive
seemingly uninfected in a semi-conscious
state
then the three are soon surrounded by
the arriving soldiers
the mother is taken to a quarantine room
for virus test
the other two are taken under control in
isolation cells
the showing up of the dead mother places
dodge in a regretful situation
despite it being challenged by his
daughter and son he continues the lie
he's made
under the blood test taken on the mother
doctor finds that she's actually a super
carrier of the rage virus
without any symptoms under such shocking
findings
the doctor plans to develop the vaccine
by use of the mother's blood
nevertheless considering the possible
infection of virus borne by the mother
the general persists to kill her for
safe while on the other side dodge
sneaks into the wife's quarantine room
with his pass card
apologizes to her and begs for her
forgiveness
the mother's ready to let go everything
happened in the past
however their romantic kiss turns to be
a horrible infection
on a husband who savagely kills his wife
and goes on a rampage
the general notices the incident and
orders the building to be quarantined
with red code alert in the whole
district waiting in the isolation cells
the daughter and son panic for what
they've seen
they're almost got killed by the
infected soldiers luckily the doctor
shows up
and rescue them safe but during the
evacuation
the two are separated apart by the crowd
the army cuts off the power and the
soldiers are watching on the top for any
runaways
while civilians are waiting in panic
under the basement for the next move
but what waits for them is the infected
dodge coming chase the crowd
the sun takes the chance to climb up to
the ventilation duct with the domino
effect of rapid infection left under
the panicked crowd break out the
security door and rush into the open
street from the building
snipers on the top try to shoot down the
runaway infected
but it's too difficult to spot them out
from the running innocence
therefore the general order the soldiers
on the ground to shoot indiscriminately
despite this the army is going to lose
their control
the sun crawls out from the vent and
gets to a supermarket
where he meets his sister and other
civilians hiding there
they has to face a brutal truth that
under the red coat alert
the whole area might be cleared up by
the army
the soldier jack feels unable to comply
with the indiscriminate shooting order
he leaves the top and gets to the market
where he meets the innocent civilians
and want to lead them out the whole
district would be soon firebombed
due to its losing control so jack plans
to meet his friend at a safe meeting
point
for transfer of these innocents with a
helicopter during the move they are
stopped
and attacked by other snipers under the
cover from the boy
jack keeps them out of danger
successfully
finally their drops down the fire bomb
which burns out the whole district and
the rampaged vampires
but with some remaining alive and
escaping out of that area
the next day people are waiting
exhaustedly at the meeting point
for the helicopter rescue jack is told
that the two children might hold the key
to a cure of the virus
because of their same genetic makeup as
their mother
on the way to the meeting point the
helicopter is tightly followed by the
walking dead
jack gets to order everybody to find
cover under the bushes
after arrival the friend want to pick up
jack only and refuses the other
as they would be shot down by the army
for carrying civilians who might be
infected
without any choice jack only asked to
fly them to the other side
across the english channel but right at
that time a young guy rushes out
trying to reach the helicopter with the
infected swarming close
the helicopter man adjusts its angle and
slaughters the walking dead
with its spinning propellers during the
chaos
jack fights his way out with the
remaining civilians and heads to another
meeting point with a helicopter in a
stadium
where the nerve gas is being released to
kill the infected
seeing that with nowhere to hide they
get to jump inside an abandoned car
with car door and window slammed up
firmly while the coming vampires rampage
for them
around outside the car but sooner the
vampires died down slowly
due to the poisonous gas bomb with
temporary safety
jack tries to start the car but failed
due to the battery run out
he decides to exit the car and pushes
starting it
however jack gets himself burned alive
by the flamethrowers coming up
still in the panic the remaining has to
run away under the fierce bullet reign
all the way into an abandoned subway
station where they are total blackout
and get to search in the deep dark it
turns out
a girl suffers from sudden attack by the
dead dodge
and loses her life and the dead father
goes on attack at the innocent sun
and bites his son injured before he's
finally shot dead by his daughter
being afraid of getting infection the
boy want to keep away from his sister
he runs into the tunnel and passes out
later
instead of abandoning her brother out of
fear the sister follows his way
and finds that the boy wouldn't change
into the infected but rather he's
another symptom free
super virus carrier just like his mother
at last they both make it to the meeting
point in the stadium for the helicopter
without knowing the boy has been
infected the helicopter man takes them
both out of the infected area
across the english channel to france in
the end of the story
which happens 28 days later there comes
in a radio
requesting for help but it's answered by
nobody in the dead
silent abandoned helicopter where photos
of the dodge family scatter around
the rage virus has touched the france
continent for the first time
and plagued all of our human species
there rapidly
this is daniel cc movie review please
comment below thumbs up and subscribe to
my channel
see you all next time bye bye